Xiao Tan
932-669-816
tanx2@oregonstate.edu

0. Q: What's the best-case, worst-case, and average-case time complexities of quicksort.Briefly explain each case.
	best-case and average-case O(nlogn)
	When the pivots always get nearly the middle of the list, which means each recursive call processes a list of half the size.we can make only logn nested calls before we reach a list of size 1. And each level of calls needs only O(n) time all together. So the result is O(nlogn)

	worst-case  O(n^2)
	The worst-case may happen when the pivot is the smallest or largest element in the list. It makes n-1 nested calls before we reach a list of size 1. This means that the call tree is a linear chain of n−1 nested calls. The ith call does O(n−i) work to do the partition, after calculating the sum we can know the cmplexity is O(n^2).
1. Q: What's the best-case, worst-case, and average-case time complexities? Briefly explain.
	best-case and average-case O(n)
	In quickselect, it is similar to quicksort, but we only do recurses into one side. So it can reduces the complexity from O(nlogn) to O(n).

	worst-case O(n^2)
	For this case, it happen becasue the work only happen in one side. so the complexity is the same as quicksort.

2. Q: What are the time complexities for the operations implemented?
	sorted O(n)
	The only thing this operation do is do infix traversal, so its time complexity is O(n)

	_search average-case O(logn), worst-case O(n)
	Becasue it like a binary search, so it's complexity is O(logn), but the different is if all the elements are on the left, may need to go through all the elements.

	search and insert O(logn)
	Beacuse these two operations are based on _search. So they are the same.


Debriefing:
1. Approximately how many hours did you spend on this assignment?
	6 hours
2. Would you rate it as easy, moderate, or difficult?
	moderate
3. Did you work on it mostly alone, or mostly with other people?
	mostly alone
4. How deeply do you feel you understand the material it covers (0%–100%)? 
	90%
5. Any other comments?
	This difficulty is very good. 