0. There are two methods for building a heap from an unsorted array:
   (1) insert each element into the heap  --- O(nlogn)
   (2) heapify (top-down)                 --- O(n)

   (a) (theoretically) Derive their time complexities.
   						Because binary heap tree insert coplexity is O(logn), and they have n nodes to insert, so it is O(nlogn)
   						For heapify, it compares each Kth node's children, choose the largest one. this processes will do the maxinum are (h-k) layers,and do 2*(h-k) comparisons. kth layer have 2^k nodes, so in kth layer will do 2*(h-k)*2^(k+1) comparsions. So after calculate the sum, it would be O(n)

   (b) (empirically)   Use a long list of random numbers to show the difference in time.
       		       What about sorted or reversely-sorted numbers?

       		       I tried this in a random numbers in these two methods. It shows a heapify is a little bit faster.
       		       however, in a sorted list, build-heap will be faster, because it already sorted.for reversely-sorted they're almost the same, heapify may faster. I tested them in "cmptime.py", I have uploaded it.

1.
 Q: What are the time complexities of these algorithms? 
 for each algorithms, (a) would be O(n^2logn), it take O(n^2) to enumerate pairs, and O(nlogn) to sort
 (b)will be O(n^2), it also take O(n^2) to enumerate pairs, but only cost O(n) to do qselect.
 (c)this algorithms will be O(nlogn). 

 2.
 Q: What is the complexity? 
 It is O((k^2)*n) 
 There are k sorted arrays, so total is kn elements. take first element of each array and do comparison. so it need to do k comparisons. so total is k*kn which is O((k^2)n)

 3.
 Q: What is your complexity?
 O(nlogk) build heap O(klogk) and bubble-up go through O(nlogk)
 so it is o(nlogk)



Debriefing (required!): --------------------------

1. Approximately how many hours did you spend on this assignment?

15 hours

2. Would you rate it as easy, moderate, or difficult?

difficult

3. Did you work on it mostly alone, or mostly with other people?

mostly alone, but ask others sometimes

4. How deeply do you feel you understand the material it covers (0%–100%)? 

60%

5. Which part(s) of the course you like the most so far?

I like teacher's lecture, he taught us a lot, and I can understand clearly.
And homework only grade one of those questions is very good, because some of them are hard to figure out how to implement sometimes, 
I took time to think, but still don't know how to implement.

6. Which part(s) of the course you dislike the most so far?

There is no doubt that quizzes are most unlikable. It may not very hard, but it's difficult to finish in a short time, maybe we could that like CS550, which do the online quizzes.